insert into advices values ('Sunny','The weather is good. You can have a good day out!');
insert into advices values ('Cloudy','The weather is not bad. You can have a good day out.');
insert into advices values ('Overcast','The weather is not bad. You can have a good day out.');
insert into advices values ('Shower','There will be rain, you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Thundershower ','Heavy rain with Thunder,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Thundershower with hail','Heavy rain with Thunder,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Sleet','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Light rain','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Moderate rain','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy rain','It rains heavily. You should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Storm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy storm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Severe storm','The weather is very bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Snow flurry','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Light snow','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Moderate snow','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy snow','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Snowstorm','The weather is very bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Foggy','The weather is not good. Be careful when you walk on the way.');
insert into advices values ('Ice rain','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Duststorm','The weather is very bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Light to moderate rain','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Moderate to heavy rain','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy rain to storm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Storm to heavy storm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy to severe storm','The weather is very bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Light to moderate snow','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Moderate to heavy snow','The weather is not good. you should take your umberalla.');
insert into advices values ('Heavy snow to snowstorm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Dust','The weather is not good.You should stay at home I think.');
insert into advices values ('Sand','The weather is not good.You should stay at home I think.');
insert into advices values ('Sandstorm','The weather is bad,  you had better not going out.');
insert into advices values ('Haze','The air is not good.You should stay at home I think.');
insert into advices values ('Unknown','NULL');